---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-01T21:58:50.035Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-01T21:58:32.967Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-01-d4043640-7a58-4fad-bc57-993924638cd5.md
published: true
url: d4043640-7a58-4fad-bc57-993924638cd5/index.html
_type: Article

---
My interests

Gaming

I am an XBOX One man! loving RainbowSix Seige at the moment and the 5v5 Multiplayer team play. The co-operation and team work you need and clear communication adds another dimension to the game and realism.

If you see me online...don't shoot St0mp1ngPengu1n!

NFL

Since travelling and working in USA for a month I have become an NFL fan. The physicality and skill at the highest level is very impressive. I support Tampa Bay Buccaneers. I hope they can hold on to Doug Martin and draft a top CB and DT.

Looking forward to seeing a full season from Kwon Alexander as well.  

Skiing

I love skiing! I have been fortunate enough to have going skiing in Italy, Switzerland, Austria and France. Many happy memories in the mountains and not to mention the apres-ski... Of all the places I have been to, the best skiing experience I have had to date is La Rosiere. A beautiful place and some great skiing.

Keen to get across to the US and Canada to ski. Any recommendations will be greatly received.

Craft Beer - BrewDog!

I was introduced to the craft beer revolution about 5 years ago now. I am a true convert in drinking beer with better quality, better flavour and an overall better drinking experience. I rarely drink the mainstream flavourless beers anymore. I love to experiment, try new, different brews, flavours, varieties  and colours. I highly recommend you trying! it opens up a whole new world of beery heaven.